A special event took place
on December 16, 2017,
that was a milestone in the history
of Jehovah’s Witnesses in Italy.
Around 8,000 Witnesses
attended at a sports arena in Rome.
Brothers were also tied in from all
the Kingdom Halls and Assembly Halls
throughout Italy
and Italian-speaking Switzerland.
The first part of the program
allowed the audience to relive the history
of the New World Translation
of the Holy Scriptures in Italy.
In the 1950’s and 1960’s,
it was difficult to obtain
a copy of the Bible.
People could only purchase them
from the few religious bookstores
existing then.
During those years,
many who were interested
in God’s Word flooded into the congregations.
In order to provide them with Bibles,
large quantities of various editions
were bought
and then distributed at cost.
However, those editions
were not always available.
So when, in January 1967,
it was announced
that the New World Translation
of the Holy Scriptures
in Italian would be printed,
there was great excitement
among the brothers,
who could finally all use
the same translation of God’s Word.
There have been
constant improvements made
to the New World Translation
through the years,
and it has been made available
in various formats and editions.
On December 16, 2017,
Brother Samuel Herd,
a member of the Governing Body,
presented the new revised edition
of the New World Translation in Italian.
By now you may be thinking,
‘What about the
New World Translation
in our language?’
‘Will it ever be revised
like the New World Translation in English?’
What do you think is in this package?
I was so moved
that it brought me to tears.
I was near some elderly ones
when the Bible was released.
Just thinking about their
endurance through the years
and now to be holding
a new revised edition of the Bible
—it really touched me
to see their joy when they received it.
It was really moving and very touching
to see the brothers open their Bibles
and leaf through them.
They had been waiting for years.
I felt like a little child.
I was so excited
—like when you know
your dad is going to give you a present.
You know it’s coming,
but you don’t know when.
And when it arrives,
you just jump for joy.
My name is Mattia,
and this Bible is my present from Jehovah.
I can’t wait to read the Bible
all over again from the beginning.
It will definitely make
daily Bible reading more enjoyable.
I really felt Jehovah’s tender care for me.
I was so happy.
All 284,258
attending the event in Rome
or tied in from other locations
received a copy
of the much-awaited gift
—an expression of the deep love of Jehovah,
the Author of the Holy Bible.